Welcome to a little Quicktipp for your Mac
yes I keep hearing the requests mask to art for us too
make green-black of a screen for the Mac specifically now
Unique Users say it can be useful cases in Excel Word offers so many
possibilities
that means too many possibilities but actually enough possibilities that one
nothing else needed Tomsic screenshots from his screens
take
jok earned keyboard shortcut Shift April and 3
so you just take a screenshot of the complete picture which then
also your percent
Desk is saved
Hommel Shift
apple or com Arndt and 30
there is no point in taking a screenshot
From the screen ran in the end two screens because I have one now
second strength in Deutschkreutz leaves
we're here short of your complete screen
without problems in school quality
there is to remember
SID what now but if you have not saved the whole thing but just
would like to pack in the clipboard
also no problem
then we just take
Comarch or apple
Hugging signature deduction
one of corn is
you yourself key basically
CCL
the TTR Rheine
round
like the reefer made in the clipboard removals because they
reversed world for a short time
the programs trial field
insert
In the past we now have the screenshot in the clipboard and that
becomes so necessary he will this year from the desktop
Percent
But what if I had to be the partner so that means she feels
the complete map complete the screen and then their sequence
Percent later
who have to strap everything out
Also for that miss miss combination
come on Arndt
we are here now
bell bright areas were crosshairs I hope that they can
the recording
and because Köls select which area should be photographed
and just show new Schultes okay
Percent I have here
KNA external hard drive with order
save a terabyte 4 though still lead
Marc Adam area and became extent Kühn show of exactly this area
created
Without that big other things must stay calm also Center Parcs
is turning
the name the possibility
Percent shift
Dr Coma did not make it
4 and if he is now
Press space then everything will be
more or less
The list of examples for the Internet is grouped by itself
Screen as he is alone
can lead to eggs or lead Euro status bar alone
we can talk about status bar alone individually alone
and that his then become this
now he has taken a screenshot only of the lower one was own without
background
that means they have to look at the slideshow as well
bit outside
this is called Amy
to be able to work the world
really handy for me
and last but not least there is the possibility to
because alerted all the track windows functions as alerts
come on Arndt
and 11 4
that would have to be around
Vienna looks Merle less
everywhere have led all individual window cleaners
however, it comes down to a native four he was used differently 45
hurt 4
is she at Meteo Richards and thus percentage points the whole is not me
can still be busy in March
around
and Roman Tomanek 4
and that fits always earlier with this long-distance goal Aachen from photographing
I exactly this window
Photographed medium is stored
So people often say you do not have to spend money on unnecessary software
You do not have to try this on the internet either
Even Rohde Apple offers the percent ideal opportunities for new wave
Screenshots or record
and percent directly more or less percent to use as a graphic
I believe that many people drive
Percent maybe mainly for new mac users
Percent but maybe also for the people that men use that
did not know yet
I myself knew that he was looking for a possibility of complete screen
I did not know yet that it could record individual areas
So as I said if you have questions then through these we see each other
Write to us until next time and believe